The Real Symptom Checker is an online parody of the WebMD’s symptom checker that correctly diagnoses everyone who uses it with hypochondria. 
Much like the original site, the Real Symptom Checker begins by asking for the user’s age and biological sex. However, unlike the original 
symptom checker, the Real Symptom Checker gives only two possible diagnoses, hypochondria, and COVID, obviously. This project is in the form 
of a website that works both on desktop computers and on mobile phones, in order to best mimic the original WebMD site. The site also uses 
WebMD branding, in order to bring more legitimacy to the Real Symptom Checker and to add more of a surprise at the diagnoses page.

I made this site by downloading the source code for the original WebMD Symptom Checker, debugging the script files until the site worked, 
and then edited the content. Since many script files didn’t run remotely, I had to separate the experience into two HTML pages and edit the
CSS in order to successfully recreate the original experience. I hosted the site on Github with a custom domain.

The aim of this project is to discuss both the purpose and the efficacy of the original WebMD Symptom Checker. If the user is really 
displaying hypochondriac tendencies, as most WebMD users do, then the Real Symptom Checker will reflect that. If the user is having 
legitimate health concerns, then the Real Symptom Checker is less helpful than the WebMD version, but not by much.

This project was inspired by my father, who has been diagnosing himself with COVID-19 twice a week, every week, for the past fourteen months. 
It was also inspired by my own tendencies to use WebMD in order to avoid confronting my fear of real trips to the doctor’s office. While the
general anxiety level of our generation is very justified, and sometimes arguably not high enough, another aim of this project is to bring 
a light-hearted moment in a mostly heavy-hearted year.

You can visit my site at www.realsymptomchecker.com
